Change project and product name in Documentation (#40)
eProsima/plotjuggler-fastdds-plugins: docs/rst/installation/docker.rst

.. _docker:

#########################################
PlotJuggler eProsima Edition Docker image
#########################################

> eProsima distributes a Docker image of the |ddsvisualizer| with Ubuntu 20.04 as base image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eProsima distributes a Docker image of |eplotjuggler| with Ubuntu 20.04 as base image.
```
